Change the Governance meeting time to 7PM UTC (#4232)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/project/governance-meeting/index.adoc

=== How to join the meetings?

> The governance meeting commonly happens every two weeks on Wednesdays, 7PM UTC.

Author: ```suggestion
The governance meeting commonly happens every two weeks on Wednesdays, see the link:/events[event calendar] for exact times and subscription.
```
